docs: adds enterprise documentation for plugin wif (#25706)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/identity/tokens.mdx

}
```

> ## Read identity token issuer's OpenID configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Read the OpenID issuer configuration from an identity token
```
Style correction: avoid possessives

Author: The suggestion isn't technically correct since you can't read an OpenID issuer configuration from an identity token. The "identity token issuer" has an OpenID configuration. 

Happy to apply some other form of correction that you would advise 🙏

Reviewer: Tweaked the suggestion

Author: Thank you!

```json
{
  "issuer": "https://example.com/v1/identity/oidc",
  "jwks_uri": "https://example.com/v1/identity/oidc/.well-known/keys",
  "response_types_supported": [
    "id_token"
  ],
  "subject_types_supported": [
    "public"
  ],
  "id_token_signing_alg_values_supported": [
    "RS256",
    "RS384",
    "RS512",
    "ES256",
    "ES384",
    "ES512",
    "EdDSA"
  ]
}
```

## Read identity token issuer's public JWKS

> Query this path to retrieve the public portion of named keys. Clients can use this to validate the authenticity of an identity token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query `identity/oidc/.well-known/keys` to retrieve the public portion of named keys. Clients can use this to validate the authenticity of an identity token.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

```json
{
  "issuer": "https://example.com/v1/identity/oidc/plugins",
  "jwks_uri": "https://example.com/v1/identity/oidc/plugins/.well-known/keys",
  "response_types_supported": [
    "id_token"
  ],
  "subject_types_supported": [
    "public"
  ],
  "id_token_signing_alg_values_supported": [
    "RS256",
    "RS384",
    "RS512",
    "ES256",
    "ES384",
    "ES512",
    "EdDSA"
  ]
}
```

> ## Read plugin identity token issuer's public JWKS <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Read the public JWKS  from a plugin identity token<EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
```

Author: Similar to my other comment, this isn't technically correct. The "plugin identity token issuer" has a JWKS. Happy to apply a different suggestion!

Reviewer: Tweaked suggestion
